This is a head-gum original.
Boy must your guy's faces be red.
Why?
Because I'm fucking back, it feels like...
It feels like you are.
I don't know yet, I wanted to hear you guys have to say.
You're already backpedaling.
I don't know what's going to happen.
You had the tone of someone who had that fucking confidence,
but it seems like it's a thin veneer.
You're actually a scared little boy, aren't you?
And also, like, what is Johnny going to do, you know?
Hell yeah, I don't have any kind of leverage there.
Oh, I'm not going to help you.
Really?
I'd like to maintain my job.
Yeah.
Ideally, you reinstate me in the next five to ten minutes.
Sure.
And then we have a normal episode.
Sure, I am.
So happy as I've ever seen him.
He wanted a life raft.
We threw him a honey nut Cheerio.
All right.
Oh.
I'm pretty happy about those to be honest.
I can't personally deal with posting another audio book
reading at 12.30 a.m.
Because it truly gave me nightmares.
Yeah.
And what was that episode title?
Fuck it.
Yeah.
Got your attention, didn't it?
That was released this morning at 1 a.m.
Pacific and here you fucking are out of obligation.
Technically, we agreed to this before that went up.
Here are your options.
Right?
What options?
You're back.
Oh, so I'm playing celebration to be mad at us.
You can be a little happier doing it.
You guys are like begrudgingly allowing me back to how it's the show.
So it is a head-gump podcast again.
Yeah.
It always was.
You was seemingly commendier the feed or something.
I do have a couple
requests demands really going forward.
Okay.
I want complete creative autonomy.
You've already had that.
I want a fee for hosting the show every week.
You get paid to do that.
I want a microphone that I can keep at my house.
So if I have to do ads or record from home, I can.
Yeah.
Where are you doing right now?
Okay.
And I want access to both studios depending on what city I'm in.
Yeah.
You have schedules open.
You definitely have keys, key cards.
Okay.
Then see you're fine.
My demands are done.
All your demands are met.
Yeah.
So we're just going to move on.
Like nothing happened for three weeks.
I think you know what you want it.
Yeah.
Like what else would you, what do you want?
I don't know.
I kind of got everything I wanted.
I guess I got us for a raise.
I think you guys need me more than I need you.
Demanded to get hired back and you said,
fuck it.
Promobly.
Pretty much rule at your witsend.
I'm at my witsend.
You haven't seen my witsend.
All over the place.
And you got a focus.
I would like to have me.
Yeah.
The things are too wild.
Just focus.
Try your fascinies.
Have you ever been to Mad Happy?
No.
I don't hear what we are again.
You're back peddling.
The qualities are already getting worse as we go on.
I think I've done that.
You're mentioning something so specific.
But where is it?
I think there is a real one in there.
There is three one in Williamsburg.
I think it closed though.
Jeff is Mad Happy.
You're mad and then you're happy.
Bouncing back between those two.
I didn't have a great time the last three weeks.
Because I thought I was unemployed.
Oh, also can we talk about it?
So you did.
You got fired.
But you somehow snuck into our company offsite.
The neck, the like the very next week.
I don't really understand how that happened.
But you did suddenly show up at the on-dogs.
And we haven't really discussed the offsite.
And I sneak in.
I want to talk on-dogs because ultimately that is on-dogs.
Johnny, let's start with you.
What was your rosebud thorn of the headgum company offsite slash retreat?
Two and a half.
So the rose?
The rose was arriving in a very sunny Arizona.
I had the world at my fingertips.
It felt like.
And then the thorn, let's just get right to it,
was getting that message from you saying that we are going to be
roaming together at the on-dogs.
This is a true thing.
We did room together.
Everyone else got their own room.
Including our own fire.
The Monday before.
Yeah, but like, are we really going to put a new
higher in with like, you know, Marty?
That seems to be like the worst possible situation.
I think I also, I'd never brought this up with anyone during the thing.
Did anyone else's rooms have overhead lights?
Because mine did not, and I, it was just a thing.
A struggle.
I had to like go around and like turn on a bunch of different lamps to get
enough light in like the bedroom area.
Yeah, major killer.
Every lighting designer knows that homes and bedrooms
should never have overhead lighting.
No.
It is my lamps.
What's that?
It's going to take some time to heal from this, by the way.
From what?
You've, you've had a big, big, big, big house on the company.
I didn't stop working.
None of us dead to be clear.
Well, trust me, you understand why Jeff didn't get his own room, obviously.
And yeah, you can sort of understand why you were the best sort of roommate for Jeff.
Like, who else could we have put with Jeff?
That would have resulted in a better outcome than you.
I guess he could have stayed with you.
I understand.
I can personally understand, yeah, I could have, I probably am the only person who could have
tolerated him just because I'm a, I'm a pacifist and I don't want to hurt anybody.
But Jeff really did.
Yeah, you wouldn't be wrong.
If you want to.
Did you guys get, were you guys on the same schedule or were you like one of you
asleep before the other awake before the other?
Well, we were pretty much on the same schedule.
So any time that's been, I would wake up, he would be right behind me.
That's a good.
Anything to say about it?
Yeah, can I speak?
Yeah, Jeff.
What's it?
Um, can I speak?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, you've been talking slash yelling this whole episode.
You could definitely speak.
Now here's a loop for some reason.
When I show up to the show and like try to have a normal conversation, you guys also tear me apart.
And then the listeners get angry because this isn't what they subscribe for.
I'm delivering what they want.
So be a better host.
Be a better host.
How I really is.
We had a complete audit where we told you exactly what we needed to do to get better.
Did you take any of the advice?
Probably not.
Also we asked you to speak on what conversation we were talking about.
And then turn you're just yelling at us again.
What are we talking about the on-dogs?
Yeah, what does it do you time for?
Johnny said it's hard.
Now we have to hear his rows and bug.
God, I already said the rows being arriving in sunny Arizona.
And but I guess, but I'm looking forward to.
I guess going back again.
Yeah.
Wait, we're going next year.
We're going back to the on-dogs.
Where else I don't know anywhere else?
Interesting.
You know.
Marty will take that into consideration.
I liked the on-dogs.
I just like new experiences.
Right.
Reno would be fun if we were in there.
I love Reno.
Been in the airport.
Nice.
My rows?
Yes.
Getting to see all the people that I met yet.
And that I work closely with like Katie and on-ion KC.
That was really fun.
My thorn, the fact that my room didn't have any overhead lighting.
And my bud would be at some point hopefully coming to LA to meet Sam,
who was the only person that I still haven't met.
Yeah, Sam couldn't release her shackles enough to go to Scottsdale.
Nice.
That's a joke for nine people.
Yeah, not even the whole company.
Just nine.
No, what I was going to say before I was totally interrupted.
What's who nobody interrupted you.
You didn't mean to me ever to work instead.
That's a real threat actually.
Don't do that please.
Some of the world's most respected interior designers will
are on record saying you said overhead lighting into that.
Fine, but when the entire space is one room,
I have a problem with that.
And then lamps were low-hanging.
That lamps were low-hanging night to the bed.
And you're right, but with better lamps,
I don't think we'd be having, we'd be having it in one session.
We wouldn't.
100% just fucking cries.
You're so underqualified to talk about anything.
I did outline a normal episode, should we just do it?
I think it's going to take some time.
What about a mirror?
Oh, great.
And you.
Wait, I'm here.
What's your rosebud thorn?
The highlight was getting the hangout with everybody.
IRL, sharing a meal, learning how to golf.
It was really fun discussing our shared visions for growing the company.
Have you never golfed before?
Never golfed.
I've done mini golf.
I've never done driving range real golf before.
Aren't you like, you were like one of the top people on the leader board?
Yes, thank you for bringing that up.
I was sort of a natural because of my proclivity for
racket sports and playing a lot of tennis.
And that kind of translated to my golf game.
Yeah.
Yeah, I consider myself somebody who's sort of primed to learn slash get to know golf
on a more meaningful level.
I'd like to learn about the clubs, sort of survey the greens,
and putting is always fun and mini golf.
So that would be fun to sort of pair with my top golf ability.
And the thorn, the thorn.
And we're part of the weekend.
Um, might have been the soup.
He loved the soup.
I didn't care for the soup.
That was an 11 30 AM 93 degrees out.
Middle of the summer in the desert.
Mushroom Bisc.
It was a kind of a parsnip soup.
I had a new mommy.
Sort of definitely a new mommy.
Plus it has been my shirt.
Using yes.
And it's not like I'm not even close to done.
I want to more could you say?
I was going to say I couldn't put my finger on the spices of it.
Yeah.
Yeah, somebody said one on the day, too.
Yes, exactly.
Symmag is like, yeah, it could have been all, that's like a little tangy, right?
To me, it struck me as sort of like a grain chowder.
Again, I can vibe with that.
Great.
I would say the food in Arizona, not my fave overall.
Wow.
That's my hot, my hot take.
I thought there was some good food.
What about that Taco Bell that we got the last night?
Yeah, the pizza that I got, the last night.
Casey and I got a pizza that was delicious.
We're going to an outdoor club.
I think that was probably worth mentioning.
The type of place where ladies bring out your orders like ring side girls,
with whistles and fireworks for some reason.
I think of place.
I didn't see that.
Yeah, yeah.
So as I just saw it like, it wasn't every order.
It was just the champagne bottles, I guess.
It was sort of a hooters meets sports bar vibe where they were showing
the guy's hockey game.
It's my sports bar.
I'm single to Maya.
Yeah.
Oh, and well, I guess I feel bad if he's listening.
Never mind.
No, please.
Let's throw people under the bus.
Actually, he felt like he didn't know that you were still like making content.
So I think it's fine to talk about because he's not going to hear this.
Some guy comes up to a mirror and says,
Oh, yeah, this is okay.
I thought you were talking about somebody in our community.
No, no.
Yeah, we could talk shit about strangers all we want.
So this guy here, this.
Comes up to a mirror and he's like trying to make a mirror,
place a bet on some game.
Yeah, he was a sports betting app.
He walked from table to table, trying to get people to sign up for it.
But I don't know if you noticed this a mirror.
He was like, how much can I put you down for a mirror?
Yeah, he knew my name right off the bat.
And then afterwards he was like, and what's your name by the way?
Yeah, you're like, I said it.
Yeah.
Maybe he maybe he said your name and you didn't react to it.
So that's what he wanted to do wrong.
Yeah, I did not hear the name.
Like it was a joke and then you told him and he's like, no,
like, I'm just kidding, bro, like I know who you are.
Right.
And then you were like, oh, cool.
Yeah, it was a very awkward interaction.
I liked that I wasn't the center of it.
Like he said he was, he said he was a fan of mine and Jake.
And then I was like, oh, Jake's right there.
And he's like, now, all right, I'll talk to you guys later.
Like, did not care about to do the same bit to Jake whatsoever.
He left and never came back.
Yeah.
Yeah, we did never see it.
Also, did he work for an app?
Or did he just try to get you to get?
Or did he just have a t-shirt and a promo code?
Yeah.
I saw other people from that place around there.
Johnny bought some lays.
I got laid.
Oh, they're doing a woman.
That's good.
I got a couple.
Don't put down the other guests.
I purchased a few lays from a woman walking around.
Initially, when she first came around,
I said no, but I promised her I'd buy a few later.
And she didn't need to come back around.
And I made good on my promise.
So, yeah.
That's nice of you.
Nice to see you.
I got pretty drunk that night.
And I rushed goodbye.
I was dead sober.
Did you leave by yourself?
I did.
You just like sort of walked away because you were drunk?
Yeah.
I went to the bathroom and like the urinals were taken.
So I sat down to pee and some guy who was right behind me tried to pee.
You don't have to sit down in the stall by the way.
You can still stand up.
I know, but I was like the room was spinning.
And the guy behind me tried to jokingly push through the door
as I was going into the stall.
And I was just like, nice.
I was going to close the door on him.
And I was like, I got to get out of here.
I hate this bar.
And if I stay, I'm going to embarrass myself.
So I went back to the on-dogs.
How do you get back?
I lifted.
Why do you ask, you ask questions about like the worst part of stories?
It's kind of hard to get a car there because it was like they closed down street.
Someone really asked.
I walked like two blocks and a car.
That's the fucking answer to your question.
And that's not good to hear.
That's kind of what you said.
Are you not saying no or not, you don't even have to ask.
All right.
So you get back to the on-dogs and who's there?
That's going to be Casey, America, Maria.
On-ya, eventually.
I went back to my room for a little bit just to like drink some water and settle down.
And then people were ordering foods.
So I met everybody around a fire.
And it was Joel, Brad, on-ya.
Johnny, Adam, and Berkman.
And you were wasted at this point or you were saying you're getting sobered up by then.
Okay.
Did you order food or just sort of eat whether the people ordered?
I think you owe it other people ordered.
Yeah, we're almost chicken nugget.
Here we go.
Taco Bell, Doritos Locos.
But who ordered that?
Them cells, these.
Who's did you steal from there?
I ordered the Doritos Locos, but
because I took so long to sober up in our room.
By the time I got there, it was soggy and cold.
So I had one bonus chicken nugget.
That's a great, man.
Yeah.
You know, I'm going to take five minutes.
Okay.
Because I'm so, I'm feeling violent right now.
And what I need, excuse me, I'm having a this nixie.
Sparkling water, watermelon mint.
That's getting me all.
Burpee.
Oh, there we go.
At drink nixie is the Twitter Insta for it.
Where we say, we just take five because you're feeling.
Should we cut to a commercial?
Like, there's no need for the five minutes to happen.
And then we can cut to an ad.
Let's wrap it in the ad.
I made a, I made this t-shirt.
If we want to talk about it.
Why won't you die?
Guess not.
That is to him, you're late.
I do want to hear it.
I heard you want to hear it.
No, I want to hear it.
Now you want me to talk?
Let's take a break and then we'll hear about Marie's tattoo.
Yeah, let's take a break.
This podcast is sponsored by Better Help Online Therapy.
Guys, life can be overwhelming and many people are burnt out without even knowing it.
Symptoms can include lack of motivation, feeling a helpless or trapped,
detachment fatigue, and more.
I go to therapy every week.
It helps me be less of those things,
especially in periods of stress, you know,
when you're banking podcast episodes, when you have interpersonal conflict with your friends and family,
that's hard, yeah, but therapy makes it feel all better.
We associate burnout with work, but that's not the only cause.
Any of our roles in life, again, can lead us to feeling burned out.
And Better Help Online Therapy wants to remind you to prioritize yourself.
By talking to someone, you can help you figure out what's causing stress in your life and help you handle it.
Again, I'm in therapy every week.
I think if you have the funds, you should be in therapy.
Better Help is customized online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with your therapist.
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than in person therapy, traditionally,
and you can be matched with a therapist and under 48 hours.
So you can get started right away.
And again, this podcast is sponsored by Better Help.
And head-gum podcast listeners, get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's Better Help.
BETTER, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
Oh, we let's hear about this shirt.
Oh, my God.
You can't act like that wasn't the clumsyest eight minutes in podcast in this story.
We can't just rebound from that.
I'm no stranger to being a rebound.
No, I form emotional connections with women who have just gotten out of long-term relationships.
And then I get my feelings hurt because of it.
Yeah, so I made a shirt that I don't know if you can see what it says, but yeah, it's like white on pink.
So it's hard to read.
I first.
It's all of the movies that have come out recently that are just titled with an animal.
So it says first cow, pig, lamb, wolf, dog, and then men.
That's good.
Yeah, that's also just a list of animals though.
Not bad, but yeah, in men, but that's an animal, and also first cow.
Like it's cool.
It's the first one, so it didn't in its first cow.
Have you seen men?
I haven't seen men yet.
It comes out this week.
There it is out today.
And honestly, I've only seen first cow, pig, and dog, because lamb, I think, is too scary for me.
I'll watch you all for a bunch of me.
It's not.
It was very confusing that lamb movie.
Yeah, I just don't like the vibe of his little head and his little body.
I love lamb's though.
It is even more like a zodiac shirt or something like that.
Yeah, like if they get it, they never really get it.
Yeah, that's sort of your niche is really hyper-specific t-shirts where you get, you love it.
But most people definitely have no idea.
Actually, the Sam on shackled shirt might be a good one for your next collection.
That would be great.
You just come up with that, Amir?
Welcome to Fish Row V Wade Davis.
Who's Wade Davis?
He was an MLB player.
Wade?
There's a lot of it.
What about Dean Wade?
That would have been good too.
No, he was a babe Ruth award winner.
And a member of the Royals 2015 World Series winning team.
Listen, there's been a lot of dark legislation
being discussed in past or being teed up to put a pass.
So I thought we could kind of lighten the mood a little bit
by making our own row v-wid and that's going to be fish row v-way Davis.
So we have to decide which is more important fish row,
which is the basis for caviar and oftentimes on sushi,
or Wade Davis, the former World Series champion.
Which is more important?
Yeah.
So that's the game.
There's no like rounds or anything, just like a debate.
It's mostly a debate.
I mean, so row for those who don't know is the fully ripen
turnle egg masses in the ovaries of a fish and also certain marine animals,
like shrimp, urchins, it's like row.
It kind of creased me out.
I'm not a huge fan of it.
Never had it.
I mean, he's there.
It doesn't seem like it's those orange balls, you know,
that sometimes come on sushi, not for me.
Yeah, I guess it's kind of like caviar.
Caviar is different though.
Caviar is a row from a sturgeon.
Yeah, so it's not really that different.
So I said it's kind of like caviar.
You said that's actually caviar is different.
It's a row for the sturgeon.
That's everyone keep going.
I have no other fish like the flathead grain mullet.
So that's row.
Caviar is row.
If we were in the studio, I would be so
you would what there.
I think I think what we should hire you back.
I think the fish eggs are more important.
And wait Davis?
Yeah.
Then the other thing is to debate.
Because the fish eggs like provide jobs for a lot of people
for their jobs.
I mean, talk about vitamin B12.
Like, I mean, these things are carry.
They're there.
See you agree.
Grenades and that's shit.
Yes, no, I'm not taking aside a mediator.
You say you're not mediating by by asking like leading questions.
I'm not a lawyer.
Okay.
Thank God.
You know what else do you want us to say?
Is that the fucking consensus?
Because I think Wade Davis is a 36-year-old person.
All right, with a huge career ahead of him outside of baseball.
You think he's a 36-year-old person?
How is this episode worse than the fucking the audio book of Sonic Gale?
Yeah, he's gone.
Chris has just gone really, really, go.
He also sort of had a meltdown the last time we did this show.
The hundredth episode.
So sort of becoming a,
and I used to leave early.
Now he's leaving.
Oh, where'd you go?
I've been congested for a year.
So what'd you do?
I, uh, some snout came out again.
Thanks.
You should do nasal irrigation.
Right.
I want to meddle you.
Yeah, I need to do a netty.
Yeah.
Now we have Bunky Pock's going around.
My God.
Oh, yeah.
My mom, my mom texted me yesterday.
We were talking about, sure.
You can keep talking.
Keep talking.
Never, man.
We have to move on, but I want to hear the story.
Just let the song play and we'll be in the new segment.
And then he'll be talking about it.
I think we decided fish row, right?
Yeah.
What are you saying?
I'm making nothing.
Oh, sharing screens again.
Okay.
Can you see this?
Yeah.
It looks like there's a picture of something called Ready Ice.
And then there's like some picture to the right of it,
which is part of that picture or something.
It's kind of glitching.
Yeah.
Welcome to!
The price of ice.
Prices, right rules, price of rice rules.
Basically, we're going to be guessing the price of ice.
And that's it.
So.
Okay, I guess.
Okay.
Yeah, what do we think?
This is seven pounds of Ready Ice.
Let's say 99.
399?
Getting me with that.
Ready, get you better than that.
You're better than that, man.
Getting me?
Stop.
What?
Let it go.
Let other people do this.
Yes.
Yeah.
You're leading.
You said it's price is right, rules.
I'm going to be kidding.
Don't throw it temper tantrum.
Yeah.
I'm just kidding.
Drew Carey never threw a hissy bit.
Because he did something wrong.
Johnny.
259.
Okay.
I'm here.
499.
That's going to be 129.
Because it's only seven pounds.
Let's just see a lot of.
That's a lot of water.
Yeah, that's a lot.
Like, how much of that would cost if it was water?
Yeah, I mean, uh.
20 30.
Smart water is all right.
You're a leader.
There you go.
All right.
What is a shaved ice?
What's the hell in here?
That's going to be party ice.
Pretty ice.
It's 20 pounds.
What is party ice?
20.
10's party sized ice, I think.
Shut.
Fuck.
I told myself this one.
Very.
It just looks like a bag of snow.
I really need to know what kind of ice I'm dealing with.
Because if it's like crunchy ice, if it's like a sonic ice,
that's some other mongame.
That's like creamy ice.
Uh huh.
That was just, name your price of ice.
How many 20 pounds?
20 pounds.
Fucking, I don't know, 750.
Okay, Johnny.
I'd say, uh, three bucks.
Oh, wow.
Ammer.
301.
Correct.
That's going to be 529.
The mirror is the closest.
Here we go.
Arctic glacier premium ice.
20 pounds.
Fucking hell.
What did you think would have?
Yeah.
You don't get to make the game and be grudge it.
This is because of you.
I was not like that.
I want to know what the ice looks like.
This is the bag of ice.
That's, we know the way translucent.
Since it's premium, I'll go high.
899.
Just going to go fucking six dollars.
I don't care anymore.
Jesus, you broke Marika.
You realize how hard that is.
I love ice.
And she loves my favorite stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, John.
7 bucks.
Go in the middle.
Marika was 599.
You're off by a penny.
Iron head premium.
toplase with the resecible bag.
So that was the premium bag.
Yeah and they're all roughly between
7 dollars.
No $200.
I'm going 99.
Triple 99.
Is surely goes 99.
I'll say 250.
There we are, get to it, it wasn't, it was $199.
Wow, very good.
So I won.
According to who, this is the other thing.
It's decor, yeah.
All of these different icees are on one Instagram.
Yes, that's insane.
You could have a flight.
I want to be each.
How much more do we have just so we know?
There's seven more slides.
Oh my god.
I don't know what, it's shaped ice, this is.
Cubes, I think, but...
No.
This is like dollar store.
No way.
No, no one sells full cubes of ice.
10 pounds.
Guess name your price.
Of ice.
One, 99.
$2.
$2?
Okay.
250.
Johnny takes it.
$15.
$14.
I don't know.
This is, I hate this game.
I want to know what this ice looks like.
And you're just showing me bags.
There weren't secondary photos of that makes you feel better or worse.
It doesn't.
There we go.
Some fucking 3.99.
Okay.
Actually, we do love Luigi's.
Real Italian ice.
This is...
What the fuck?
7...
$6.99.
Okay.
Johnny.
Uhhh...
$279.
Meryka, what was your guess?
$3.99.
Meryka takes it.
$6.10.
Uh, inflation's crazy, man.
Smeared off ice
Nineteen definitely ninety nine part of like ninety nine
Meryka was that a dig at my employment status?
What oh?
Is that ten nine? Yeah, obviously not I'd say 15
Johnny takes it sixteen ninety nine
You guys think you're better than me
In what way
Understand you guys think you're better than me
Well, you did almost kill Johnny's mom. So yeah, I have that one on you
And you made us play the price of ice
To a thing
Yeah
Marika
I think I'm better than you at a lot of things, but I think you're better than me at certain things
Yeah, but the list of Marika being better at you
Things is fast
And like the few things that you're very good is a
A thin list that's these yeah, but maybe it makes the quality of life better
Yeah, maybe your nerds is bliss kind of way maybe you're better good fun things
And I'm just better at like filling in documents. You know what I mean? No, no, don't discount yourself Marika
I think you're better at things like
On the scale of like oh understanding like
Landscapes of industry is and then Jeff might be good with the hacky sack every once in a while
Hacky sack is a good scale. Yeah, but I'm not
Oh, I think that was an example and I can't hacky sack
Can you foot Saul
Actually, I did play foot Saul
That was easy
I don't know what foot Saul is
Oh, so you have that on Marika
So she's good at everything else and you know what foot Saul is
Yeah
What's that
Bond of the fucking week
She used to your heart's not even in it
I feel on the verge of a breakdown, but
My bond of the week is um will you emerge?
Broken down so many times during this record
Your last episode was fuck it. Well, that was not a breakdown
I just say in that my bond of the week is William Friesy Green. Who's that?
Oh, he invented 3D. Oh, here we go
You guys know about what you previously green. I actually do. I know how 3D and I know how free it's
You must not know 3D. You must not know 3D
It's an emotional energy version illusion when I was fired
I made home intrusion so cash
You must not know 3D
You made home intrusion so the best movie is five kids so don't you
Don't care
Second get to thinking I won't invade your home
I know where a mirror and Johnny live
Not me though. Yeah, it seems like
Even more than usually didn't sleep enough last night
How many hours did you get over under five?
Are you asking me the over under of what I because I know the answer you have to ask them
What is the answer?
I think it was just five
If you want to go by the minutia my sleep app said five hours two minutes and the day before I got five hours
What sleep app do you sleep cycle?
Okay
I don't have a sleep app the I have a sleep app
I just might need some
Sleep cycle's great Maria go cool. D's. Do you do it with like the that's the one where you like set your phone on
It no like records you sleeping
It works. Yeah, all right. I tried that before but it was like I didn't have a good place to put my phone anyway
How does it know when is this strange things fucking podcast over like I'm sorry to say
They're dominating the studio schedule. I think they haven't started
Releasing yeah, releases when the day that this comes out this the first episode actually
So check that out. We'll be fun
Yeah, yeah, yeah, stranger the official stranger things are gonna be 10 episode and how many of are done because I keep this show keeps getting bumped
Of course such a low priority
We don't know the answer yet
I know the answer that looks isn't even gonna exist in two years
I can't so wrong. I can't back up that message
You won't exist in two years
God willing
Yeah
I can take it
No, you can't say
Marica said 1099 is a guess and you thought it was a dig at your employees
You can send your voice yeah, I'll be great
I know if invoice does yet. Yeah, have you yes
Katie handles my payments. No, I do what Marty said to email him to Katie
Yeah, you email him to Katie but I paid them we're a tag team
I don't know I mean we got a fucking figure this shit out because I'm not gonna keep jumping the lines then like this every week
And you guys obviously don't want me to come here with this antagonistic attitude
But it's the serpent eating some tail right because I show up on edge because I know that I'm gonna be ganged up on
As bad as I might be to you guys at least you it's three on one right every fucking week
True name one episode. We just had a good time you literally never allow that to happen
Because if we're not doing exactly what you want you yell at us and then obviously we're upset we're trying our best
We want
Positive ideas much as you do
That's too many people to fucking please
When you guys are happy these are three people when the audience they were you guys had a bad time
When I'm sad nobody fucking helps me out, you know if you have a business
That's actually cool. It's kind of looks like he's doing like paradiddles like a drum thing
Yeah, right but with this middle finger
Nice
It's especially fun because this is all I just expense. Yeah
He's just kind of sitting there, but he did ask for it. He did the like yeah bring it on hand. Yeah
He said he could take it
Where you could who's your bond of the week my bond of the week
I'm gonna go
with
Maybe Andy Sandberg so I'm going to watch
Chip and Dale rescue rangers this evening
I'm a bandy Sandberg so I don't hate that pick
Thank you. I need to be good. It could be fun. I kind of want it like Andy Sandberg with 2007 Andy Sandberg hair like they're really floppy
California guy hairstyle
But that's just remember that era
You're too young Johnny. Yeah, I know I think we should have as remiller as the next bond
No one who's punching people in a wife. We've seen that he can fight
Right
About Mr. Team me that's cool
Actually, this would be a great choice Jeff play the song
You must not
Not know about
Yeah
Can't drink mr. T. It's a good note to end on flags. Let's a good one
Listen all things stranger the official stranger things podcast
Hosted that to nobody else. I can also watch it exclusively on Netflix's to doom
Great plastic listen to some just some other had gone podcasts
There's a new not a new podcast, but new to the network to scary didn't watch the podcast about horror movies
Check that out
Follow me on Twitter and Instagram and letterboxed at Marie Gail on
For my plugs you can follow me at a Johnny v jail h and n y v i i on Instagram and then
New to your dogs, spray your kids, you know
You you can't spray your kids. That's against the law because that would involve sorry
Yeah
Kids like kittens
Yes, yeah, that's what I meant we're goats
Baby goats kids lamb first cow
How big lamb in the dog man. Yeah, yeah, let's pay your men
How's Jeffrey doing? Let her know uh leave it in the comments to this YouTube channel
I'll read some of the choice ones and make sure that Jeff gets all the constructive criticism
He needs if you have any segment ideas or anything like that
Post it below
Namasty
Namaste as it were
You
That was a hit them original